Email Integrations Enhancement - Categories (#26130)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/ReleaseNotes/1_4_19.md

#### Integrations

##### O365 Outlook Mail (Using Graph API)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.56396*.

> - Updated the **fetch-incidents** command to include *Categories*.
> 
> ##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.56396*.
> - Updated the **fetch-incidents** command to include *Categories*.
> 
> #### Mappers
> ##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User - Incoming Mapper
> - Updated mapper to include *Categories*.
> 
> ##### Microsoft Graph Mail Mapper
> - Updated mapper to include *Categories*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***fetch-incidents*** command by including email categories as part of the retrieved incidents.

##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.56396*.
- Updated the ***fetch-incidents*** command by including email categories as part of the retrieved incidents.

#### Mappers
##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User - Incoming Mapper
- Added the *Categories* field mapping for *Phishing* incident type.

##### Microsoft Graph Mail Mapper
- Added the *Categories* field mapping for *Phishing* incident type.
```
